docs(IEC): fix docs issues (#1017)
FlexibleEngineCloud/terraform-provider-flexibleengine: docs/resources/fw_policy_v2.md

The following arguments are supported:

> * `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) The region in which to obtain the v2 networking client.
>   A networking client is needed to create a firewall policy. If omitted, the
>   `region` argument of the provider is used. Changing this creates a new
>   firewall policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used. Changing this creates a new resource.
```
